Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5DS."
Nervin: YOU'VE ONLY GOT
ONE SHOT AT THIS, YUSEI.
THE MAINTENANCE HATCH
OPENS AT MIDNIGHT
AND ONLY STAYS OPEN
FOR 3 MINUTES AFTER THAT.
THEN THEY FLOOD THAT
PIPELINE WITH GARBAGE.
WE HAVE MOVEMENT.
YUSEI'S GONE TOPSIDE.
DO NOT LOSE HIM!
UHH, PULL OVER YUSEI!
[THINKING] TRUDGE,
HOW'D HE FIND ME?
WHERE DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE GOING?
Automated voice: WARNING: YOU'RE
ENTERING AN UNAUTHORIZED ZONE.
I'M ON HIM.
HE WON'T GET FAR.
THAT HATCH... YOU'RE
PLANNING ON USING THAT
TO ESCAPE FROM THE SATELLITE!
TOOK YOU LONG ENOUGH
TO FIGURE THAT OUT!
YOU MAY HAVE BEATEN
ME IN OUR LAST DUEL
BUT I'VE GOT SOMETHING
SPECIAL PLANNED FOR YOU!
UHH!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
NITRO WARRIOR!
[GROWLS]
[ROARS]
UHH!
♪
[THINKING] IT'S TIME TO
SETTLE THE SCORE, JACK!
♪
♪ GOING FAST MAKES
ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN
WIN, ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES ♪
♪
Jack: SO YUSEI, YOU MADE
GOOD TIME, DIDN'T YOU?
I HOPE OFFICER TRUDGE DIDN'T
INCONVENIENCE YOU TOO MUCH.
PLEASE, DON'T
TAKE IT PERSONALLY
HE'S JUST DOING
WHAT I PAY HIM TO DO.
NOW THEN, WHAT
BRINGS YOU HERE?
I WANT MY STARDUST DRAGON BACK!
HMPH, AND I GUESS
YOU'LL BE WANTING
YOUR RUNNER BACK AS WELL?
I DON'T NEED IT.
SO IT'S JUST THE CARD?
I WOULD'VE THOUGHT
YOU MOVED ON BY NOW
SINCE IT SEEMS YOU'VE GOTTEN
OVER LOSING YOUR RUNNER ALREADY.
BY THE WAY... HOW'S
THE NEW ONE TREATIN' YOU?
I GOT NO COMPLAINTS.
AND HOW'S THE ONE
YOU STOLE FROM ME?
STILL RUNNING
WELL I HOPE.
YOU NEVER COULD LET GO OF
ANYTHING, COULD YOU, YUSEI?
I NEVER WAS ONE TO
FORGIVE AND FORGET.
NOW WHERE'S MY CARD?
WHAT'S THE RUSH, DON'T YOU
WANT TO CATCH UP ON OLD TIMES?
I WANT TO KNOW WHERE
MY STARDUST DRAGON IS!
OH YOU MEAN THIS
OLD THING HERE?
♪
DOES IT STILL
LOOK THE SAME?
HOW COULD YOU, JACK?!
THAT CARD WAS WASTING AWAY
WITH YOU IN THE SATELLITE.
I COULDN'T BEAR TO WATCH IT
SIT IN THE HANDS OF A LOSER.
BUT JACK, HOW
COULD YOU TAKE IT
WHEN YOU KNEW IT WAS THE
ONLY HOPE OUR FRIENDS HAD
OF GETTING OUT
OF THE SATELLITE.
IT WAS MEANT
TO HELP US ALL!
WELL, IT CERTAINLY HELPED ME
WHEN I GOT TO NEW DOMINO CITY.
AND TO SHOW MY THANKS,
YOU CAN HAVE YOUR
PRECIOUS DRAGON CARD BACK.
HERE TAKE IT!
I SURE DON'T
NEED IT ANYMORE!
♪
WHAT NOW, YUSEI?
ARE YOU HAVING
SECOND THOUGHTS?
NO, JACK!
I WANT THE CARD BUT I
WANT TO MAKE YOU PAY
FOR WHAT YOU DID MORE!
AND WHEN I BEAT YOU, THEN
I'LL TAKE MY CARD BACK.
HMM, YOU ALWAYS
WERE A DREAMER.
WELL, GET READY,
BECAUSE HERE COMES
YOUR WAKE-UP CALL!
♪
Yusei: WHEN ARE YOU GONNA TELL
ME WHERE WE'RE HEADING, JACK?
STOP YOUR WORRYING!
AND ENJOY THE VIEW ALREADY!
SO WHADDYA THINK
OF NEW DOMINO CITY?
IT'S A "LITTLE" STEP UP
FROM THE SATELLITE ISN'T IT,
BUT IF YOU GET HOMESICK,
I'M SURE I COULD FIND
A TRASH BIN FOR
YA TO PLAY IN.
ARE WE GONNA DUEL, OR ARE YOU
GONNA PLAY TOUR GUIDE ALL NIGHT?
HEH HEH, WELL, SINCE YOU
WORKED SO HARD TO GET HERE
I FIGURED I'D
SHOW YOU THE SITES
BEFORE YOU GET SHIPPED BACK
TO THE SATELLITE SECTOR.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
YES, WE WILL.
LOOKS LIKE WE'RE HERE.
WELCOME TO THE KAIBA DOME!
♪
WHOOO-OOOOOAA-AAAOOOO!
SO YOU SEE?
Board member: SEE
WHAT, PROFESSOR?
AN EXCUSE TO GET DIZZY?
NO, AN INCREDIBLE BREAKTHROUGH!
OUR SPINNING GENERATOR HAS
GONE INTO... INTO OVERDRIVE!
SEE, JUST LIKE THIS!
WATCH THE ARMS,
PEOPLE, WHOOOAA!
I KNOW JUST WHAT
YOU'RE THINKING:
IS THIS A BIG NEW
DANCE CRAZE OR WHAT?
WELL, IT'S NOT!
AS YOU KNOW, OUR
GENERATOR POWERS
CARS, LIGHTS,
AND WHOA TURBO DUELS!
IT CONTROLS THE WHOLE
CITY; EVERYTHING WE DO!
PROFESSOR, WE
KNOW ALL OF THAT.
WE'RE JUST WONDERING
WHY YOU CALLED US
TO THIS MEETING AT
HALF PAST MIDNIGHT.
AND IT HAD BETTER
BE IMPORTANT.
WELL, YES!
YES, IT IS, SIR!
THEN YOU CAN STOP YOUR
DANCING AND GET TO THE POINT,
OR SHOULD I BEGIN LOOKING FOR
A NEW DIRECTOR OF ENGINEERING?
[CHUCKLES]
JUST WATCH THE BIG
SCREEN, MR. GOODWIN!
IT APPEARS THERE'S MORE ENERGY
BEING PRODUCED BY THIS GENERATOR
THAN WE EVER
THOUGHT WAS POSSIBLE!
IT'S LIKE A PERPETUAL
MOTION MACHINE,
THE MORE ENERGY IT PRODUCES,
THE MORE POWERFUL IT BECOMES!
AND GUESS WHAT?
AS LONG AS IT KEEPS SPINNING
AROUND, AROUND, AROUND,
WE, SIR... WILL BE THE
MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE!
I MEAN THAT YOU ARE
MASTER OF THE UNIVERSE,
MR. GOODWIN, SIR... THAT'S
WHAT I MEANT OF COURSE.
Mina: PARDON
THE INTRUSION.
YES, MINA.
MR. ATLAS IS MISSING.
WHAT, PROFESSOR.
N'YES?
THERE'S ANOTHER PROBLEM
I MUST ATTEND TO,
BUT THIS IS ALL
VERY INTRIGUING.
I WANT YOU TO FIND
OUT EXACTLY WHAT
THIS POWER SUPPLY
IS CAPABLE OF.
AND PROFESSOR, NEXT TIME
SAVE IT TILL THE MORNING.
OF COURSE, SIR!
♪
SO WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS
THAT JACK JUST VANISHED.
I ASSIGNED YOU TO BE
HIS PERSONAL HANDLER,
NOW IF ANYTHING UNFORTUNATE
SHOULD HAPPEN TO HIM,
I'M HOLDING YOU
PERSONALLY RESPONSIBLE.
♪
[THINKING] SOMEDAY
THIS WILL ALL BE--
LAZAR!
AH, MY DEAR MISTER GOODWIN,
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR YOU.
HMM, I SEE YOU BROUGHT
THE TROUBLE MAKER.
Lazar: WELL LUCKY FOR HER,
WE'VE FOUND MR. ATLAS.
BUT WE'RE NOT SURE
WHO'S WITH HIM.
IT'S THE SATELLITE
DUELIST... YUSEI FUDO.
BUT SIR, I THOUGHT
IT WAS HIGHLY ILLEGAL
TO DUEL AGAINST
A SATELLITE DUELIST.
THAT'S WHY WHAT WE
SEE HERE... STAYS HERE.
I WANT TO SEE HOW JACK
HANDLES HIMSELF ON HIS OWN,
BUT JUST IN CASE... KEEP
ALL GUARDS ON STANDBY.
♪
THIS DUEL DOME'S
IMPRESSIVE ISN'T IT?
TELEVISION JUST
DOESN'T DO IT JUSTICE.
NOW IMAGINE IT FILLED WITH
THOUSANDS OF ADORING FANS.
ALL OF 'EM CHANTING YOUR
NAME, AND CHEERING YOU ON.
BUT THAT'S SOMETHING
YOU'RE NEVER GOING TO
EXPERIENCE, YUSEI,
'CAUSE AFTER THIS DUEL
THE ONLY PEOPLE
CHEERING YOU ON
WILL BE YOUR LOSER FRIENDS
BACK IN THE SATELLITE!
AND THAT'S IF THEY DON'T
ALL TURN THEIR BACKS ON YOU
ONCE YOU RETURN WITHOUT
THEIR STARDUST DRAGON!
I WISH I COULD BE
THERE TO SEE THEIR FACES
WHEN YOU TRY EXPLAINING TO
THEM HOW YOU HAD THEIR CARD
BUT GOT GREEDY AND TURNED
IT DOWN IN ORDER TO DUEL ME.
YOU'RE GOING TO REGRET
EVER COMING HERE, YUSEI,
'CAUSE I'M GOING TO BEAT
YOU WITH YOUR OWN CARD!
♪
[THINKING] THIS
SHOULD BE INTERESTING.
♪
Duel runner computer:
TURBO DUEL ACTIVATED.
♪
NOW THEN... TRY NOT
TO GET SCARED, WILL YA?
THIS COURSE CAN BE REALLY
ROUGH ON FIRST-TIMERS!
D-wheel computer A:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
D-wheel computer B:
AUTOPILOT STANDING BY.
♪
Jack and Yusei: LET'S RIDE!
YUSEI, I ALWAYS DID
ENJOY DUELING YOU.
WE'VE BEEN BATTLING WITH
THESE MONSTERS IN OUR DECKS
SINCE WE WERE KIDS.
AND THIS OLD FRIEND...
IS GOING TO BE A TRIP
DOWN MEMORY LANE!
HERE'S TO HISTORY!
I SUMMON QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
IN DEFENSE MODE!
♪
WELL.
NOW ISN'T THAT
A BLAST FROM THE PAST!
AS IS... THIS!
MY MAD ARCHFIEND!
[ROARS]
Duel runner computer:
WHEN MAD ARCHFIEND
ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
IF ITS ATTACK IS GREATER THAN
THE DEFENDING MONSTER'S
DEFENSE POINTS
THE OPPONENT STILL TAKES DAMAGE.
WELL YUSEI, THIS IS
JUST LIKE OLD TIMES...
JUST 200 MILES
PER HOUR FASTER!
NOW MAD ARCHFIEND, STICK
IT TO THAT QUILLBOLT!
THINGS SEEM TO HAVE
STARTED THE WAY
OUR LAST DUEL ENDED
WITH YOU LOSING
PRECIOUS LIFE POINTS!
UHH!
♪
YOU'LL REGRET
DOING THAT, JACK!
YUSEI, THE ONLY THING
I'M GOING TO REGRET
IS THAT THIS DUEL
ISN'T BEING BROADCAST
TO THE MILLIONS OF
FANS AROUND THE GLOBE
WHO CHEER FOR ME
NIGHT AFTER NIGHT.
THEY'VE EARNED
THE RIGHT TO WITNESS
MY GREATEST CHALLENGE EVER,
AND MY GREATEST VICTORY!
YOU DO REALIZE THAT
YOU'RE GOING TO END UP
LOSING THIS BATTLE
TONIGHT, DON'T YOU?
YOU JUST KEEP TALKING, JACK.
THERE'S NO NEED FOR YOU TO
BE CONCERNED, MR. GOODWIN.
THIS "SATELLITE"?
HE IS NOTHING!
I'LL HAVE HIM ARRESTED,
AND THAT WILL PUT AN END
TO ALL OF THIS SILLINESS
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
AND THEN WE CAN SHIP THIS
YUSEI OFF TO THE FACILITY
WHERE HE WON'T CAUSE
ANY MORE PROBLEMS.
JUST SAY THE WORD AND
MY MEN WILL STOP THIS.
♪
I'M UP TO SPEED UHH.
AND NOW I CAN SUMMON
JUNK SYNCHRON TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
♪
[THINKING] MY BLENDER'S
GOT MORE HORSEPOWER!
REMEMBER WHEN I SAID YOU'D
REGRET TAKING OUT MY QUILLBOLT?
WELL, HERE'S WHY.
SEE, THANKS TO MY JUNK
SYNCHRON'S SPECIAL ABILITY
I CAN BRING IT
BACK TO THE FIELD.
♪
BIG DEAL!
YUSEI, YOU NEED TO DO BETTER!
[GRUNTS]
AND I WILL!
I TUNE MY JUNK SYNCHRON
WITH MY QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG,
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
JUNK WARRIOR!
♪
LET'S REV IT UP!
[GRUNTS]
IF THAT'S THE BEST YOU
GOT YOU'RE IN TROUBLE!
I THINK THE ONLY THING
IN TROUBLE RIGHT NOW
IS YOUR MAD ARCHFIEND!
JUNK WARRIOR, SEND
HIM TO THE SCRAP HEAP!
[ROARS]
[GRUNTS]
HMM, IT'S MY TURN NOW.
HMM, I SUMMON TWIN-SHIELD
DEFENDER IN DEFENSE MODE!
♪
PLUS I'LL THROWDOWN
A LITTLE FACEDOWN FOR LATER!
[THINKING] HMMM, I
DON'T LIKE THIS AT ALL.
IT'S NOT LIKE JACK
TO TOY AROUND...
HE USUALLY CUTS TO
RIGHT TO THE CHASE.
WHAT ARE YOU PLANNING?
YOU THINKIN' ABOUT
GIVING UP ALREADY?
YA CAN IF YA LIKE!
UHH!
I SUMMON SPEED WARRIOR!
[GRUNTS]
AND NOW HIS 900 ATTACK POINTS
ARE ADDED TO JUNK WARRIOR'S.
BUT YOU KNOW THAT
ALREADY, DON'T YOU, JACK?
IT'S THE SAME COMBO I
USED BACK IN THE SATELLITE
TO GET SECURITY
OFF YOUR BACK!
IF IT WEREN'T FOR ME
AND MY JUNK WARRIOR,
YOU MIGHT STILL BE
ROTTING IN THE FACILITY!
HMM, WHAT DO YOU
WANT, A THANK YOU?
WELL, YOU'RE NOT GETTING ONE.
UHH AND NOW...
DUE TO MY SPEED WARRIOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
HIS ATTACK POINTS ARE DOUBLED!
SO SAY GOOD-BYE TO YOUR
TWIN SHIELD DEFENDER!
♪
AND YOU CAN SAY GOOD-BYE TO
HALF OF YOUR JUNK WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS NOW.
SEE, BY DESTROYING MY
TWIN SHIELD DEFENDER
YOU ACTIVATED ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY!
BET YOU'RE GLAD
SECTOR SECURITY
WASN'T AS PREPARED AS I AM
WHEN YA STEPPED
IN TO SAVE ME.
REALLY, BECAUSE YOU JUST
LEFT YOURSELF WIDE
OPEN FOR AN ATTACK?
JUST AS LONG AS THAT
CARD STAYS FACEDOWN!
I'VE BEEN WAITING TO DO THIS
SINCE OUR LAST DUEL, JACK!
JUNK WARRIOR,
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
♪
REMEMBER HOW YOU SAID
YOU SAVED ME, YUSEI?
YES.
WELL THE WHOLE
THING WAS A SET-UP
TO GET ME CLOSER
TO YOUR RUNNER.
AND THAT DRAGON CARD OF
YOURS WAS AN ADDED BONUS!
THAT IS A LIE!
WISHFUL THINKING, YUSEI.
SEE, I KNEW EXACTLY WHAT YOUR
DUEL RUNNER WAS CAPABLE OF,
AND WHEN I SAW
AN OPPORTUNITY, I TOOK IT!
[THINKING] HOW
COULD I BE SO BLIND?
THEY SAY THE TRUTH
WILL SET YOU FREE.
BUT IN THIS CASE,
IT'S GONNA COST YA!
AND BY ACTIVATING MY
SPACEGATE TRAP CARD
YOU'RE NEVER GOING TO GET YOUR
PRECIOUS STARDUST DRAGON BACK!
♪
YUSEI, ONCE
THIS DUEL IS OVER
I'M SENDING YOU
BACK TO THE SATELLITE
WHERE GARBAGE
LIKE YOU BELONGS.
AND WITH MY SPACEGATE
TRAP CARD IN PLAY
I'M ABOUT TO KICK THIS
DUEL INTO OVERDRIVE!
YOU SEE, WITH THIS CARD,
FOR EVERY TIME
YOU ATTACKED ME,
I GOT A GATE COUNTER!
AND THANKS TO YOU,
I'M ALREADY UP TO TWO!
♪
THIS REMINDS OF WHEN YOU
HELPED ME IN THE SATELLITE.
SURE YOU THOUGHT YOU WERE
DOING THE RIGHT THING,
BUT IN FACT ALL YOU DID WAS
SET YOURSELF UP
FOR DISAPPOINTMENT.
JUST LIKE NOW!
I GUESS I DON'T
HAVE ANY OTHER OPTION
BUT TO LAY DOWN A FACEDOWN.
AND NOW, YOUR WARRIOR'S ATTACK
POINTS RETURN TO NORMAL.
Lazar: SEE, IT'S
ONLY A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE JACK WINS,
MR. GOODWIN!
THIS CONTEST IS STILL
FAR FROM OVER, SIR.
DO YOU ACTUALLY
THINK THIS SATELLITE
HAS A CHANCE OF WINNING?
BECAUSE SO FAR, THIS
PATHETIC EXAMPLE OF A DUELIST
HAS DONE ONLY WHAT
JACK HAS LET HIM DO.
[LAUGHS]
DON'T UNDERESTIMATE
THIS BOY, JACK.
♪
[LAUGHS]
COME ON!
GET THE LEAD OUT, YUSEI!
I GOT THE NEED,
THE NEED FOR SPEED.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO TAKE
OFF YOUR TRAINING WHEELS
IF YOU WANT TO
KEEP UP WITH ME!
[LAUGHS]
AT LEAST THIS WAY
I CAN SEE YOU!
JUST MAKE YOUR MOVE ALREADY!
EAGER FOR ME TO
END THIS, ARE YOU?
WELL, DON'T THINK IT'S GOING
TO BE AS QUICK AS I DRIVE,
BECAUSE I PLAN ON TAKING
MY TIME PICKING YOU APART.
AND WHEN I'M THROUGH WITH YOU
YOU'RE GOING TO WISH YOU
NEVER LEFT THE SATELLITE.
IT'S MY TURN!
♪
I PLAY MY SPEED
FUSION SPEED SPELL!
NOW SINCE I HAVE
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS
I CAN ACTIVATE ITS ABILITY
AND FUSION SUMMON A MONSTER
THAT WILL HAVE YOU
QUAKING IN YOUR SEAT.
HERE COMES A RECIPE
FOR DISASTER.
TAKE ONE PART
BIG PIECE GOLEM,
ADD A TOUCH OF
MEDIUM PIECE GOLEM,
MIX WELL, AND YOU GET
MULTIPLE PIECE GOLEM!
[GROWLS]
♪
[THINKING] THAT'S NOT GOOD.
Jack: GOLEM, SEND
HIS SPEED WARRIOR IN
FOR A PERMANENT PIT STOP!
[GROWLS AND ROARS]
♪
IN THAT CASE, I ACTIVATE
MY DEFENSE DRAW TRAP CARD!
AND WITH IT IN PLAY,
ALL THE DAMAGE
YOU COOKED UP WITH YOUR
LITTLE "GOLEM RECIPE"
GO TO ZERO AND I
GET TO DRAW A CARD!
NOT BAD, AND HERE I AM
THINKIN' YOU'D
THROWN IN THE TOWEL.
I GUESS THERE'S STILL
FIRE IN YOU AFTER ALL?
TOO BAD THIS NEXT MOVE'S
GOING TO EXTINGUISH
ANY HOPE YOU HAD
OF WINNING THIS DUEL
AND GETTING YOUR
STARDUST DRAGON BACK.
[LAUGHS]
NOW THEN, YUSEI.
THIS IS WHEN THINGS
GET INTERESTING!
BY USING MY GOLEM'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN BREAK HIM
DOWN TO SUMMON OUT
THE TWO FUSION MONSTERS
THAT ARE IN MY GRAVEYARD.
IT'S KINDA LIKE RECYCLING,
WHICH IS SOMETHING
YOU KNOW ALL ABOUT
LIVING IN THAT DUMP OF
A TUNNEL YOU CALL HOME.
AND NOW, I CAN ACTIVATE MEDIUM
PIECE GOLEM'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
WHICH ALLOWS ME
TO SUMMON OUT
SMALL PIECE GOLEM
TO THE FIELD!
♪
[ALL ROAR]
THAT'S QUITE
THE ROCK COLLECTION.
WELL, YUSEI,
YOU KNOW THAT I'VE
ALWAYS BELIEVED
IN THE SAYING,
"THE MORE THE MERRIER."
AND IF YOU THINK
THINGS ARE CROWDED NOW,
WAIT TILL I SUMMON
OUT THIS GUY:
THE TUNER MONSTER
DARK RESONATOR!
NOW I TUNE DARK RESONATOR
WITH BIG PIECE GOLEM,
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON MY
MOST POWERFUL BEAST!
♪
YUSEI, THIS BATTLE'S ABOUT
TO MOVE INTO THE FAST LANE.
NOW FEEL THE POWER OF
MY RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
♪
[ROARS]
Duel runner computer: RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND IS A LEVEL 8
DARK ATTRIBUTE
SYNCHRO MONSTER.
IT HAS 3000 ATTACK POINTS
AND 2000 DEFENSE POINTS.
THAT'S YOUR MOST
PRIZED POSSESSION.
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT.
AND I ONLY USE IT
ON SPECIAL OCCASIONS
AND I DON'T THINK THEY GET
ANY MORE SPECIAL THAN THIS.
I WANTED MY DRAGON
TO DEFEAT YOU.
BUT THEN I THOUGHT OF
A MORE FITTING CONCLUSION.
SO BY SENDING MY SPACEGATE
TRAP CARD TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN BRING A NEW
MONSTER TO THE FIELD
THAT WILL MAKE OUR LITTLE
TRIP DOWN MEMORY LANE
THAT MUCH MORE MEMORABLE.
SAY HI TO MY TUNER MONSTER
SINISTER SPROCKET!
HE LOOKS SMALL
BUT HE'S GOT FRIENDS,
BIG FRIENDS.
NOW I TUNE MY SINISTER SPROCKET
WITH MY SMALL AND
MEDIUM PIECE GOLEM
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
YOUR DESTRUCTION.
♪
HE LOOK FAMILIAR?
HE SHOULD, AFTER ALL, THIS
IS YOUR STARDUST DRAGON!
♪
Duel runner computer:
STARDUST DRAGON IS A LEVEL 8
WIND ATTRIBUTE SYNCHRO MONSTER.
IT HAS 2500 ATTACK POINTS
AND 2000 DEFENSE POINTS.
IT'S BEEN MUCH TOO LONG.
[GROWLS]
TWO DRAGONS?!
THAT IS WHY MR. ATLAS IS
OUR CHAMPION, MS. MINA.
HE WOULD NEVER LOSE TO SOMEONE
FROM THE SATELLITE SECTOR
LIKE THIS YUSEI FUDO!
IF YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO SAY ANYTHING USEFUL,
YOU COULD AT LEAST GO AND GET US
SOME NON-FAT EXTRA HOT LATTES.
HMPH.
TEMPER, TEMPER.
Goodwin: SILENCE, YOU TWO.
THIS IS JUST
GETTING INTERESTING.
NOW LET'S SEE IF JACK
CAN FINISH THIS OFF.
[LAUGHS]
♪
[GROWLS]
YOU WANTED STARDUST DRAGON
SO BAD... WELL, HERE IT IS!
IT'S JUST LIKE
THEY ALWAYS SAY,
BE CAREFUL WHAT
YOU WISH FOR!
[LAUGHS]
♪